---
title: Entry 2
category: story
---

So, to get to the point - I’ve been having these weird dreams.

<!-- more -->

And I already know you’re going to dismiss this really fast but hey, free story! Anyway, it’s been happening for a while now. I mean, I still have normal dreams. Stuff like flying or some abstract confusing shit I don’t even get. This… doesn’t really fall into the realm of those? It’s almost like those dreams where your teeth fall out one by one or you get twenty ticks or something. Sorta gross. Actually, really gross. My bad, they don’t really fall under that at all. I mean, on their own? Completely innocent, kinda weird dreams which I’d never think much about if they didn’t repeat as much as they do and the, uh, other stuff. 
Anyway, I’ve been having them for a week or two now. Usually happen after a stressful day - not too stressful mind you, just stuff like, getting a C on a test or something - and usually, if I do have one, it’s the only one I have. Or maybe the only one I remember in the morning.
It starts with me doing something that I need my hands for. And I know that’s broad, but I really do think that’s how it works. I play the guitar, or write on my PC, or draw, stuff like that. And, at the start, my hands are perfectly normal, regular, the way they always are. You know, 3 joints in each finger, one wrist lada lada. Sounds unnecessarily creepy, but the skin fits and looks normal. Not for long. So, let’s say I’m playing the guitar in this hypothetical one, alright? And as it goes on, I feel like I’m starting to have a better grasp on, I guess the hand position? So I look to see how I’m doing it, and now my hands have an extra joint or two. It usually doesn’t bother me in the dream, and as I keep going more and more joints appear, always in the same spot as the ones I remember, from the dreams before. There’s no crack, or ‘shuffling of flesh’ or anything just boom, you look away, look back, it’s there. What if you don’t look away? Then it just kinda, slowly uh, morphs into existence in front of your eyes. Weird dream stuff, nothing… too weird? For dream stuff? Anyway, this is the uh, alarming part. So, I wake up and, after the first few times, everything is just like usual. I don’t think I noticed at first, but, after a while of all this going on I uh. I have these… folds, on my fingers. Here, so, if you straighten your finger, you have those little fold-lines, right? I had - have - way more of them than I should. And I really don’t mean just, ‘way more’ as in oh I’m freaked out and imagining it, no. Way more. On some bits, I can’t even see my fingerprints anymore. This really freaks me out man. There’s more and more each day, in the exact same spots the joints appear and they’re not going away. I don’t dream of much else, not anymore, not recently. 


That’s it, then! Your, spooky story. For your spooky website! Blog. Thingy. I think I’ll just get them checked out. 

--------

This one is actually from an audio recording! My friend, didn't want to be published to the great online, which is a shame but fair enough. So, the text is a transcript, from yours truly. Anyway, this all seems like another load of personal stress issues, but my friend sent me a picture of his finger and to me, it just looks like badly placed scars or maybe the aftermath of sleeping too hard on his bedsheets... So far, I’ve only one way to debunk that it’s something like that - we’ll be monitoring it! He sends a pic of the hands each day, tells me if there’s spots that should get folds, or if any new joints appear. I won’t be posting all these, but if anything ‘spooky’ arises regarding them, you bet you’ll find it here. And that’s all from me!


finger pic: https://i.imgur.com/wSF45B9.jpeg


Personal: I did make the tumblr! It’s strange-and-unusual-blog. Mostly updates, maybe if anyone actually reads and wants to share a story/ask questions, that’s what it’s for. I might start doing voice-overs for some of these stories as well - god knows I prefer audio to reading, and maybe someone else would as well.
