---
title: Entry 1
category: story
---

My husband and I always used to go vacationing. 

<!-- more -->

We went - well, anywhere really. We always said, the location didn’t matter but the experiences did. Which, sounds sort of stupid now. I suppose it sounded dumb even then? The experience always depends on where you are, atmosphere and local activities are an important factor blah blah blah… I don’t really mean it that way, when I say it. What I wanted to say was - you don’t want to wander into a bad place. 
I don’t even think we had any way to tell. We arrive to pick up the key to our RBnB, and the village seems perfectly fine! Sure, it’s a little small, maybe a shot run-down, but we’re here for the nature - not the architecture. We park the car on the small gravel path before the first few houses, and decide to walk the rest of the way. And, as we do, the streets seem… awfully empty. There’s plenty of garden space for each house, the sun is shining and it’s just overall great weather out, yet not a single soul seems to be going about their day. Outside, that is, at the very least. I really have no way to tell if they were all holed up in their houses. I suppose they would’ve been, I do like to think we arrived rather discreetly.
You know, when the listing description said the beautiful atmosphere and the local life would make us want to stay, I didn’t really think it’d apply so literally. It’s just, some of the usual jargon on little rustic houses like these, isn’t it? But when we arrived to our location, I believed it. It just had this… air around it. I couldn’t quite grasp it. That’s a very strange thing to say about something that, in retrospect, was just a regular wooden house but… there was something that I didn’t quite get. And I really wanted to, I wanted to… understand it. The little wooden house. Which really did have nothing special about it! But still. 
Anyway, we ring the doorbell and in a few seconds this, floral old lady shambles her way out of the dwelling, friendly welcomes and ‘I’m so glad you chose to stay with us!’s falling right out of her mouth, the usual. We shake hands, exchange some information and then she says it too. ‘This place really is so nice! It’ll make you want to stay!’ It wasn’t alarming at the time. It had no way of being. I couldn’t have known. Hell, maybe I’m just… just too paranoid. Maybe something’s coming onto me, but, I need to tell this tale. 
So, we say thank you, grab the keys after some small talk about the local lakes and the lady sends us off with a sweet old smile. We take our time to… ‘settle in’, set our luggage down, plan where we want to go the next day and everything. We pick out a bed - it was a 2 bedroom house - and go to sleep.
The next day I wake up, and my husband is nowhere to be found. Nothing strange, right? Not alarming at all, we both run on different sleep schedules! But, I felt something was inexplicably wrong? Maybe out of place would be a better word. Like the world has shifted, just a little bit, overnight and nobody bothered to tell me. I had a day of hiking ahead of myself, so I brushed it off, got ready and left the house to look for my husband after I hadn’t found him in the garden. Which was empty. I panicked a bit, but, maybe he’d just went sightseeing? I felt bad he left without me, but I decided to look around the village, see if I run into him. I did. As I walked, I came across this old oak mansion, Victorian architecture, actually rather nice and completely out of place in a settlement like this. That’s not what really mattered to me at the time, though. No, I saw a group of people… grilling? In the middle of the mansions, I guess you could call it garden. And, in their midst stood my husband, smile from ear to ear, all happy. For some reason, it really put me off. I approach them, and the only thing the villagers seem to say to me is ‘Lovely day, isn’t it? Join us! We’ve plenty space left’ They said all these ‘sweet’ words with such a strange look on their faces. I… didn’t feel like they really wanted me there, I felt a little alien maybe, but I mean, it did look like they were all smiling! It just seemed strange to me, back then. And then I look at my husband and, he wears the exact same expression. They all invite me but something tells me to leave, to go now. So I ask to speak with John, alone. He throws me a strange look, like he doesn’t understand why I’d ever choose to exclude these lovely people from our conversation! But I don’t care. I grab him by the hand, pull him a few meters away. I ask him if we can leave, that I don’t feel well, that we can just go, see the lakes, sleep and head straight out the next morning. And then, he gives me this - this puppy-eye stare and says. “We aren’t going to stay?” I don’t think I’ve ever felt so alone before. I was on the midst of many many people but they all seemed foreign, strange. They didn’t feel different…. I did. I was the different one. And that moment, when I looked in my husbands eyes he was the same. Same as them, as the oak mansion, as the wooden house and the little gravel path. Very distinctly wrong. I didn’t even give myself room to think - I should’ve stayed, heard him out and talked some sense into him. But all I could do in that moment was turn around and run. I think it took them a while to realize what was happening, but I’d run far enough to not hear more than one set of recognizable footsteps behind me. I didn’t turn, I didn’t stop I put everything I had into that sprint, and before I knew it, I was in my car, starting the engine. I took one last look back and there was not a soul there, just like before. They’d all seemed to vanish…
I drove anyway, got out of there. 
I haven’t talked to my husband in months. I try to call him, but everytime I do, it says the same thing, and doesn’t let me. And my life goes on, exactly the same as before, only now my husband is… gone. And I keep getting these, these invitations, in the mail, about going to visit various towns, all across England! And they all look the same, exactly like the town we visited, with the same woman smiling on them and the words ‘the beautiful atmosphere and lovely people will make you want to stay.’ They make me sick.


--------


Well, that’s the first one. This is part-transcript part-paraphrase of my friend’s aunts story. She’s a little old now, and kept getting stuck on certain parts, thus the ‘edits’. I did ask around and nobody who knows her that I know seems to recall her ever getting married. They do remember a John tho - they apparently went to school together, but didn’t really get along. Seems like a silly old-lady story to me, but she did look quite shaken. Overall, it’s a little unsettling but if it did happen, I think it might have just been a case of some really bad social anxiety. Bad enough to leave your husband, maybe? Also, she did show me some of the listings, identical exactly like she said but none seemed awfully ominous to me. I don’t think I can show them here? I don’t plan to do free advertising for ‘ghosts’. Either way, I think that’s it from me, for now at least.


Personal: I’ve been thinking about starting a tumblr blog for this here as well! I debated using tumblr instead of GitHub at first, to get other people’s stories, but the search bar there is just for decor and I need good access to my stuff, so that idea went out of the window real quick. However, GitHub isn’t doing really well either. For some reason I can only post on 3 dates, and if I don’t, the whole site shuts down. Strange. Anyway, I’ll be including the date at the bottom of my posts from now on!

(posted on the 6th of April 2024)
