---
title: Entry 3
category: story
---

I’ve never liked elevators.

<!-- more -->


{% assets/audio/Project 3.mp3?autoplay=1&loop=1&controls=0 %}

{% include embed-audio.html src=/assets/audio/<Project 3>.wav %}


They always seemed a little bit too claustrophobic to me - they still do. You walk into this metal box, suspended by wires and you are expected to consider it safe. That being said, I’ve never had a bad experience with elevators before this. Yes, I’m always a little uncomfortable in them, but never to the point of actually having a visible reaction, and I don’t avoid them either. They’re just that little unpleasant part of my day I can’t quite escape as an office worker, unless I want to walk a few flights of stairs. 
I visited my friend here, in your town, last week. They live in an apartment building, one of those old communist-era ones. Nothing out of the ordinary, but it is surprisingly tall. They live on the 15th floor, and whenever I do visit, I don’t really feel the call of the stairs, and just take the lift up there. Just like the building, it’s a pretty aged one and takes a while to get to its destination. It often even makes unprompted stops on the way, to the annoyance of everybody from the building I managed to ask about it. But it really is just a regular lift, outside of its little flaws. And so, when I visited last week, I naturally didn’t hesitate to step in. I’m really glad I was alone - it gets a bit too cramped for comfort with more people in there, and I often wonder how people fit themselves and their shopping bags in after a grocery trip...
When I got on, I clicked the button for the fifteenth floor, expecting it to take a while as I got on on the ground floor. The elevator doors closed with a quiet thunk and one of those high-pitched elevator rings sounded, warning you not to stick any limb in-between the iron doors. 
Do you think you’d be able to tell if an elevator goes up or down? I always thought I would. Maybe it was just that one time, but I haven’t had the guts to test it since. As I stood in the elevator, I heard the doors open far too fast for where I was heading - most likely, it was taking one of its random stops, or maybe a kid from the building thought it’d be funny to push the button in what must’ve been the basement of the place. I never knew they had those - I’d assumed no one would bother building or using it, so you can imagine my surprise when I saw one. An empty basement with concrete walls, and not a soul in it. No cars, no storage boxes not even any cobwebs, just concrete and pillars, curving after a few meters and preventing me from seeing further. I, of course, took a step out of the lift. I was awfully curious, but even my look around didn’t show me anything new. I'd seen the same things up-close that I’d seen from afar. Strangely enough, I couldn’t bring myself to venture further, instead opting to head back to the lift, which had stayed open for me this entire time. I step in, press the button for floor 15 and the doors slowly slide shut. Ring. 
The elevator starts moving again, and in another short burst it opens to the same basement I’d seen before. I didn’t feel a need to step out - I'd seen the place and there was nothing of note. I clicked the button to shut the doors but they stayed open. I think I only stood there for a few minutes before I ventured out again. I admit, I was a little scared the button would kick in when I was out of the lift, but it stayed open for my second round of viewing the strange room. After I’d taken another look around I stepped back in, pressed the button for my friend’s floor again and the doors shut. Ring. 
I felt the elevator move for the first time. It was very clear it was going down, very, very slowly. A dozen or so minutes had elapsed when the door opened again. You guessed it - in front of me stood the exact same basement as before, only this time, it seemed a little more run-down. I tried to wait it out in the lift, but it's doors wouldn't close and none of the buttons worked. I think that's when the 'rules' of the situation finally clicked. I needed to at least step out before I'd be taking the elevator anywhere. And so I did - I stepped out, took one quick look at the room which, aside from some strange cracks was exactly the same - turned around and went right back into the lift. I pressed the button, ring. It was moving again. Down, again, at a crawling pace which I should not have noticed. 


This continued for a while. The lift would stop, I'd get out, stand there for a bit and head to the next floor. The basement would slowly fall into more and more ruin, pillars cracking and all. It should have freaked me out much more than it did at the time... but for some reason, it made perfect sense. Like it was the most natural thing I'd ever seen. 
It got to the point where the walls started to cave in, filling the basement with dry earth in some corners. I'd step out and take a little look, continuing the ritual. The door closes, ring. The lift descends - by rational measure, it must have been kilometers under the earth by now. 
This time, the door opened into densely-packed soil. No room, no nothing - just dirt. I knew how the rules work. I didn't really want to, but I started to dig. I dug myself a little human silhouette, fitting me perfectly as I crammed myself into the cold dry earth. And then, for the first time during my strange trip, I heard - felt - the doors slide shut behind me. Ring.
I started to panic, thrash around but the ground didn't allow me even an inch of movement. There was little air to breathe, and I felt myself slowly slipping away, buried in what must have been my own grave. I still had the stuff under my nails, the gap between the warm metal of the lift door and my body slowly filling with dirt. This was it, the door was closed, I was going to die there. I just... half-stood there for what seemed like hours. There was no point in struggling - the ground had barely fit me, it wasn't just going to give out more room, for me to move, for me to breathe. I had given up, I think.
And then I heard it. Ring. And I felt the ground break loose behind me as I dropped right onto the cold metal floor of the elevator, a few lumps of dirt falling with me. It took me a while to recover, and when I did I just. Clicked the button for the fifteenth floor. And the elevator went up. It actually went up! It didn't make any stops, I didn't see that stupid basement, no! It just took me straight to my friends door. I was still covered with dirt when I stepped out, and there was a bunch more of it, rolling on the floor of the lift. I didn't bother to brush it off, I ran to my friend and didn't look back. 
They said the building didn't have a basement, and laughed at me for falling badly enough to get so filthy. I didn't take the elevator down the next day.
I can only hope now, with how much space I'd carved out of the earth, that it will allow me space to breathe the next time I find myself buried deep down. I will do anything in my power to not need it when I do.


--------



Another one! This one's about as realistic as the first few, but this time there's no 'proof'. I really do wish these were real sometimes, you know? I suppose one can't be sure tho. Anyway, I'd be willing to bet good money on a gas leak here. It is very interesting tho! It reminds me of a burial, obviously. But, also, the deterioration of the basement almost seems like a sort of passage of time thing to me. Aging usually does end in a grave. Anyway, I'm glad the person who told me this one is doing okay now. I am sorry about her being forever resigned to the stairs... Oh, and I did try voicing this bad boy! The audio is linked right at the start, but I'm making no promises that it's any good. I mean, I did my best, but it is the first time!
That's it! See ya next time!
